Add ToC and CLI docs (#455)
huggingface/smolagents: README.md

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cd0226e2-7479-4102-aea0-57c22ca47884

## Command Line Interface

> You can accomplish multi-step agentic tasks using two commands: `smolagent` and `webagent`. `smolagent` is a more generalist command to run multi-step agents that can be equipped with various tools, meanwhile `webagent` is an agent equipped with web browsing tools using helium.

Reviewer: I think it's better to mention CodeAgents rather than multi-step agents
```suggestion
You can accomplish multi-step agentic tasks using two commands: `smolagent` and `webagent`. `smolagent` is a more generalist command to run a multi-step CodeAgent that can be equipped with various tools, meanwhile `webagent` is an agent equipped with web browsing tools using [helium](https://github.com/helium).
```
